Although the sparrow is small, it has all its internal organs
So delicate
Xu Ling, I like it here
As long as you like it.
Such a nice house should have been mine
Hey brother, I live in the single room upstairs of yours
Something to say, okay?
It's not like there's no house
Why are we the only ones living in a single room?
Hey, this apartment?
It's all for the executives and technicians in the factory
An Ge is the factory manager
The treatment is naturally different from ours.
Xiaolong Ge Abang and the others are still squeezing a room
Then don't I squeeze in a room with you too?
Are we husband and wife?
Hey no this no this
I type it from pure cotton material on clothes.
It's comfortable to come down
Why is your face so red?
Little what's alright
Nothing.
Nothing, nothing, nothing, oops
Oh, dear.